good girl come quickly we have it long
I'm leaving Jordan delivered mrs. Calder
and Roger and no but no one is stopping
you
you know mrs. Calder has spoken to me
yes I arranged it all myself the part of
your life that belongs to Jordan College
is coming to an end now please sit so
why am I here
Lyra I promise wants to do everything I
could to protect you from anyone who
might do you harm protect me
for much and the older you've got the
more I've felt the importance of that
promise who did you promise I think mrs.
Coulter will do her best by you but I
can't be sure so I'm going to give you
something
and I need you to promise that you will
keep it private this matters
Lyra we need your word
what is it
it's in a leafy ometer one of only six
that were ever made beautiful Lord
Asriel himself brought it to this
College when you were just a baby
it's extraordinary what is it - it tells
you the truth how that pan and you will
have to learn by yourselves but please
know that it is illegal unless approved
by the Magisterium so secrecy is no I
don't want secrets it's my uncle so you
wouldn't want me to have it anyway
Lyra look at me the powers of this world
are very strong men and women are moved
by tides much fiercer than you can
imagine this hopefully will provide you
with some protection go well why
goodbye Lera
and
keep your own counsel not a word to
anyone not even mrs. Coulter
[Music]
you